# Dreams {#dreams}

Without any real idea about interpreting dreams, I am using [*DreamBible*](http://www.dreambible.com/) website to make some sense of what is going on in my subconscious mind. If you know better resources, please, [contact me]( https://carlitofluito.github.io/dreams/index.html#intro). 

## *Corona Times* in Berlin.2020-04 

### Time for humankind performance under COVID-19 rules (2020-04-01)

It is 07:07. 

Still synchronized with the universe. 15 minutes start running, start counting. This is why, I made a [routine] with timings instead of with specific hours, because I work with my own tempos.

I woke up at 6 something, and then I tried to do the [Wudu *La Cabra*](https://photos.app.goo.gl/Sm8xbKxgmmWxw3xW8), but in the whole body instead of only in the head. Basically, to take a [Wim Hof shower]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcCYY_10RbA). However, I ended up pouring cold water over my body to notice a bit afterwards that I was having [a muscle contraction]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFSL_Qk9qKw) on my neck. So, I change plans and I took a 20 minutes [warm water shower](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktXD6LOFTyM&t=4s). I was already with the soap on my body, so it is was merely about using the water as a therapeutic strategy. How to relax my back, how to stretch my neck, how to avoid the contraction to become stiffer. Then, I did my morning drink: tea, salt, and lemon, and it took longer than expected. But I didn’t care, I was already in the mood of taking my time. Respecting the order of the routine, and the rules of phone fasting and food fasting, but with my own timing. 

Now, I am writing, which is what I am supposed to do, and surprisingly, I still remember my last dream because I could make meaning out of it pretty fast. It is al quite [COVID-19 pandemic]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2019%E2%80%9320_coronavirus_pandemic) related.

>So, I was in a big arena, with lots of people^[When I am writing dreams I usually start using the past form, and end up using the present. I am not sure why. Bear with it, and stick to the tale.] There was a sort of contest/festival where different groups of people had to show their dances to the jury. The seats were crowded, and the first team started to perform, to dance. Then, the audience (the other groups) liked a lot the first performance and start joining them, most of the people start to party on the center of the arena, leaving their seats on the stands in a happy mood, and then all the people dancing altogether. 
>
>A bit later, when everyone was everywhere, the judges said that they couldn’t judge because they didn’t know which one was from the performing team and which one was not. It was true. The party was cool and nice, but it was inefficient for the judges. So, the rule was to put us far, far away from the center of the arena, and separated and create distance from each other. In this way, we could dance and enjoy ourselves, without disrupting the performance of the group that was its turn, and without making big noises and agglomerations on the stands. However, the place where me and some members of my team were allocated was in the top of stadium, in a place where it was impossible to see anything and enjoy the ongoing show. It felt as if we were discriminated. It felt weird, as if we had been reclused there, claiming on the god functioning of the festival, but they were just taking us away politely because we couldn’t control ourselves, and we couldn’t make things work properly. 
>
>Some of the people, me being one of the first, had the idea of coming closer little by little (I am a rebel [ADHD](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ADHD) maverick by nature.) Respecting the security distance and in small groups of spare individuals, we came down the stands, closer to the center of the arena. However, once we got closer and we could see the performance, I still wanted to come closer. We were seated separated from each other, and on our seat without moving much, like showing to the judges, who were becaming aware that we were there, that now we had learnt how to behave, and that we would keep the security distance and the silent party at our place. 
>
>However, I was seeker for more. In my conscious, non-dreamy life, I am a [performer](www.carlitofluito.com). So, I was in the dream. I wanted to observe closely and analyze the movements of the dancers, not just partying. Thus, I decided to go closer, although the judges weren’t very happy again. I didn’t care much because I was being safe: distance with other people and not entering the show of the other team. I wanted to dance, and I was dancing on my spot, really repressing the willing of going to the middle of the arena and join the group that was performing.
>
>A bit later, my group and me, started preparing our own performance, which was coming later, after a couple of other groups. We kind of set up some group dynamics that everybody agreed. It was something like, at the beginning of our show all of us clapping at the same time; then stepping our feet synchronically; and then closing with the movement and pose at the end. That was it. Everybody agreed and was happy and cool with the idea and what we were going to do.
>
>Once my group was done with the preparation, I came back to see the other groups performances. However, after a while, when I came back because our moment of going to the stage was coming, I find a guy that is leading my group. He looks nice, big, energetic, and highly motivated. He is not a bad leader or anything like that. It seems that he just came up with a song that joined our three exercises, the claps, the steps, and the closing. However, now the result, the whole performance is too short and there are some people of my group that aren’t very happy with the situation and are not following him. They look quite disengaged. 
>
>When he is finished rehearsing with my group, I start talking with him. I tell him that is a good idea, but it is too short and maybe not everybody agrees with the song. He tells me that it is better than the previous, more complicated and more creative. I sort of agree but keep on pointing out the limitations and issues. After a bit of talking, I decide to take the leadership again, and I say to the spontaneous new-comer leader, that if he wants to do it creatively, we can go fully creative. But then, it is better to do things differently. So, first, I tell the people that we are going to go full-mode creation. 
>
>Not everybody in my group is a dancer, or a performing artist, so I take a more directive, authoritarian role. I asked those disengaged that even if it is for the 10 minutes of the performance, they have to strive to do the best they can. The judges value more the motivation and synergy of the whole group than the quality and technique of the outcome. Then, I tell them that we can keep the song rehearsed by the newcomer leader because it is indeed a good idea to mix the three movements altogether, so he will lead that part. Then, there will be a switch. I will lead the second part, where the idea is to work with a more organic spontaneous creation dynamic. For example, I am the wind, and people are static moving their arms as if they were branches of trees, or their whole bodies, as if they were sea waves. While I am moving around dancing, doing tricks, and acrobatics, (because I know how to do it and it will increase the quality of the performance), I will be telling a story, so the whole team can follow the instructions. It is a creation, improvisation task. I asked them to trust me.
>
>I wake up somewhere in the preparation of my own performance, with the feeling that for the whole piece to be complete, there is still missing a third act. An act that is still unprepared, and that although I would like it to be a collective creation, it may need to be a directed one, something similar than before because there is no time. We have to perform in very few moments. The judges and the whole arena are waiting for us. 

If you cannot see the metaphor with the COVID situation, I can give you some hints. 

We are still working and thinking in groups. (Nations). It is probably our hunter-gathered mindset forged through hundreds of thousands of years of evolution. We work in groups; it is how we are. However, we have reached a moment in humankind, where it seems possible that everybody joins the party. That we go all dancing at the same time. However, COVID, as the judges, has appear to set up new rules, to tell us to go home, to separate from each other, It feels correct, but weird. 

Not only we cannot be with the people of our group, but we cannot even enjoy the performance of other groups. (We cannot be with the people we love, we cannot travel…). Then, because of our nature as human, our curious and our affiliative instincts, we try to go back to the previous situation respecting the new rules, without forcing the judges to place us away and separate again. (The coming back straight after the pandemic). 

In this case, it seems that the festival continues. So, the groups focus on preparing their performances, but this newcomer leader appear. (Self-proclaimed internet gurus, opportunistic politicians). His suggestion is shallow, is quick, is effective, but not everybody is engaged, and although it has good quality, it is not enough. We need something deeper, something, more meaningful and really creative, where everybody can express their individuality within a coherent group dynamic. But still we need a leader because there is no time and we have to act fast. I am a [communal narcissist](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/finding-new-home/201812/the-communal-narcissist-new-kind-narcissist)^[If you stop thinking about the great figures of history (Jesus, Buddha, Mohammed, Moses, Caesars, philosophers, artists… We were all probably communal narcissist of some kind.], so you can guess why my unconscious psyche points out that I am that leader. A leader that with good will for all and a knowledgeable perspective([Harari]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yuval_Noah_Harari)? [Zizek]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavoj_%C5%BDi%C5%BEek)?) takes most of the control of the situation, arranges a sort of agreement of engagement with all the members, and starts organizing and moving the situation forwards really quick, really fast, but efficiently and with sound knowledge. The result is of an unknown quality because there is no time of rehearsals. The group has sort of agreed because of the situation, but we don’t know what will actually happen during the performance. Nobody can say. Our time of performing is coming, and we need to go to the center of the arena with only 2/3 of the show. 

I will keep on writing my ideas. I ask you to keep on reading, if you connect with me. And I ask you to trust me as a good-willing leader, if my thoughts and dreams resonate on you. We may arrive tight on time, with 2/3 of the show kind of prepared. The first third may be a condensation and a mix of the ideas that were already present, quickly designed, putted together, and directed by some sort of hypermotivated new-comer leader. The second third can be an improvisation based on trust, where some leaders^[Where I would like to include myself.] with more perspective and knowledge about the situation can give us instructions that we have to follow sort of blindly, without none of us (not even the leaders themselves) knowing whether the thing is going to work of not. A situation where we trust their experience, and commit to perform our best for the 10 minutes of duration of the performance. And then, if everything works out, maybe, and only maybe, we can improvise the third third of the performance with a party where everyone is invited to join at the stage and, hopefully, this time the judges (Viruses and other global threats of the future) join us and let us party instead of splitting us up. 

Keep on dreaming and enjoy your quarantine time. 

7.44 - Revision and correction – 8.53

2 hours of work already :-) Now, I can continue with the routine, and do some yoga to fix the contraction of my neck. 


## *Corona Times* in Valladolid (Spain). 2020-04

### Presidential diarrheic advice. The need of [UBI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_income) (2020-04-10)

8.40

Not all dreams are easy to understand. Not everything is so obvious, even if it looks obvious. It is my second night in Spain, the first in Valladolid. Last time I was here was January. It was Christmas. It is my family house, and somehow, now is my house as well. It has to be. Supposedly, I have to spend here, at least, the next 15 days here. I have to spend the following weeks in Spain, in Valladolid, in this house. And today, I dreamt with [Pedro Sanchez]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pedro_S%C3%A1nchez), the president of Spain. I dreamt he manifested somewhere, online or offline, his willing to communicate with me, that he appreciated my advices, my comments and my insights. I was okay with that, and then, I found myself walking around the center the town, on the main square. There, I met him. He was coming back from work, from the city hall, maybe.  

We started talking, and I told him what I thought last night before start reading [Hesse’s]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hermann_Hesse) [*Steppenwolf*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steppenwolf_(novel)): “I wouldn’t like to be the president of my county at all”. He is probably suffering every night that he goes to sleep, he is probably quite stressed, to see how the country is crashing, how people are dying, how difficult is to manage everything in this situation. I told him that advising politicians was okay for me, because one can give an input in the system without having the responsibility of the outcome, of the situation. Besides, it was surprising how people can assume [machiavellianism]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Machiavellianism_(psychology)) in politicians. They are probably doing their best with as much knowledge as they can. If not, it wouldn’t make sense that they are actually trying to save lives. I don’t know. I wouldn’t get it then.

Anyways, in the dream, we met in the main square and he mentioned that he had to go to Madrid every day. I suggested him that it could be more convenient to move closer to the train station, to have less commuting time. After a bit of chitchat about his life, with me, empathizing about his situation, I asked what he wanted from me. He mentioned that he wanted my advice, something like a *What would you do in this situation?* type of question. I somehow started thinking out loud while we were walking towards the train station. I don’t know why we were walking there, maybe because he was leaving, or maybe because he was accompanying me. Not sure. 

It was interesting that, on the way, he was stopping several times to shit on trees, and wherever he could on hidden places of the streets. It seemed that he didn’t care at all. He was dressed elegantly, with jacket and trousers. And when I was looking at his face, he had the face of one of my friends, one that is always claiming to know everything concerning politics, one that is always updated about the latest political detail, and that is quite opinionated about the world. Nevertheless, one that is commonly wrong about what he says, or at least, holds extremists, biased viewpoints, or is blind to alternative interpretations. 

We were walking and he kept on stopping from time to time to shit. Then, while we continue walking, some people looked at him, judgmentally, making comments, and realizing that he was the president of the country. 


At a given moment, I realized that instead of thinking out loud and showing Pedro Sanchez that I actually didn’t know much about anything, I opted to remained silent, talking to myself,  listening to my thoughts, and trying to look smart. After a while, and just before waking up, one of the things I told him clearly was: “***Universal basic income***”.

Today, considering that 15 minutes of automatic writing have gone already, that is the only lesson of the dream: [“*Universal basic income*”]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_income). I will do a bit of research what does it mean that the president of a country seeks for one’s advice, and that he is with a shameless diarrhea while walking on the street. 

Although I didn’t watch the news yesterday, I was reading [Aljazeera]( https://www.aljazeera.com/) and [Financial Times]( https://www.ft.com/) before going to sleep, and there is where I found [this]( https://www.aljazeera.com/blogs/europe/2020/04/coronavirus-world-fairer-place-200409094032069.html) [two]( https://www.ft.com/content/927d28e0-6847-11ea-a6ac-9122541af204) articles about UBI. Those two combined with my [communal narcissism]( https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/finding-new-home/201812/the-communal-narcissist-new-kind-narcissist) and that moment of empathy with Pedro Sanchez before going to sleep probably made a good mix in my [REM sleep]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rapid_eye_movement_sleep) 6 hours later. Diarrhea is, after all, another symptom of [Covid-19](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coronavirus_disease_2019)

Enjoy your day and protect yourself.   




### Trains, frozen fridges, and loneliness (2020-04-24)

8.38

Today, I know it is pointless. 

The past is mixed. In my dreams, I can be on a sort of campus, maybe Salamanca, trying to go training/dancing, planning to be late, to arrive walking. But suddenly my mother appears, change my plans, and indicate to me that the train station is over there and that I can arrive faster if I take the train. We go there, but none of us know the route. She tries to figure out the route checking up the schedule and maps. I am impatient, and I see trains waiting, arriving, and leaving. I tell her that is best strategy is to improvise, to take one train, the first that comes and then go to the central station and from there figure out how to go to our destination. All trains towards the city usually go to Central Station. But Salamanca didn’t have trains. Those are the trains of Copenhagen. I have to take the F line, the purple one^[Actually, the purple line is the E. The [F is the yellow](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:S-train_diagram.svg), the one I take when I go visit my Danish friends/family. But the purple one was the one when I used when was living in Gentofte (2015).]. But we go up in several trains that are incorrect, people tell us to get off, and the ticket reviewer is too close, so we cannot take the correct ones. We let some of the correct ones go without us for the paralysis as well. We are both confused. And my mother is not actually my mother, it is Sh. the unfinished loved of the university, one of them. 
 
Somehow, we separate from each other, and I decide on the way to not go training, to go home. Ari, the wanna-be popular girl in the class at the university is in my place. It seems that we are flatmates. Sh. appears there as well. We are also flatmates. I asked her if she got to her destiny, and if she has plans for the evening. It is Thursday evening, and again, I don’t have anyone to go out with. Sh. starts to recriminate me that I am not explaining myself, and I told her that it could have been a good plan if I would have gone dancing and then we would have met outside after her logopedic course. We could have gone together for a drink. But she is telling me that I hadn’t asked her before, that I had make up the plan without her and that she has plans already. But she is treating me like a stupid, like trying to explain something that is very obvious, that she has explained to me many times in the past. I am very confused. She is aggressive, and I was just trying to be nice and friendly. Feels like I am in the last year of university, trying to meet and hang out with my classmates from the first years, but all of them have their stuff, their lives, their friends. Ari, my flatmate, is also without plan, she is also sort of alone. While we are discussing, I am sort of unfrozen the refrigerator. Sometimes Sh. speaks with me and I am inside the fridge, looking at her speaking from the door. Sometimes, it is her the one that is inside the fridge, like speaking from the other side, with a range of foods and cans of beer in between. 
 
It is too late for some people. It is too late for trying to fix a past that is frozen, for trying to speak with people that are gone, for trying to recover relationships that never existed, or they just existed for me. No one is going to come to explain to me what happened, why they left, what I did wrong. It doesn’t matter how far I can get; some people will never be back, even if they hear about me. Those are frozen somewhere inside me, inside this time and space, so far ago that the past is starting to mix, that those things that once formed reality are starting to melt into each other, to get frozen later in a mess of anecdotes, moments, and settings that are unrelated, very difficult to disentangle, very complicated to just merely discern and make up my mind about what is there. Very difficult even to just describe them, much less to explain the link of causes and consequences that led me to a certain outcome. 
 
I have been always alone. And sometimes it seems that the more I grow the more alone I am. But sometimes it seems, that the more I live, the better friends I find. It is contradictory. How my goals have pushed me so far away from love. How loved I felt at certain moments, when I didn’t care much about my situation, but how prevalent and pervasive have been the moments where I felt disconnected from everyone, disconnected from life. 
 
I need people so much. I just know how to improvise when I am by myself, otherwise, I often screw it up. I don’t know when to make plans, because sometimes is too early, and sometimes too late. I don’t know how to ask someone out, because deep inside, I don’t want to go out, I want to stay in, together. Somehow, no one taught me how to socialize, and somehow, I ended up living by myself, trying to figure out how I ended up here, me that I used to be an open and friendly pal. Maybe too open, maybe too friendly.
 
Anyway, at my parent house, with the security of a family that is condemned to accept me at my worst, and with the thought in the back of my mind to put my stuff in a backpack, and just leave for good, it is easy to placate the stories of miseries. However, dreams don’t lie, and all those feelings and moments always appear catching one in their vulnerable states of consciousness, just to raise the question about whether this is what you wanted all along, or you just have learned to adapt magnificently good to an *okayish* situation. 
 
Seems that the only redemption left is writing. So, I do. Waiting for you at the other side of the fridge, or maybe still struggling to cross it. 



 



### Destructively good and escape with fruits. 2020-04-25

9.21

We were at the scouts. There were a lot of leftover fruits. Apples, mandarins, and bananas. There was also a piece of cake in the co-pilot glove box in the car. We were coming back from the camp. Going home. 

One of the previous scenes has been the collection of that fruit, where there has been a sort of encounter between the force of good and evil. The apparently good has never had to take everything, always wanting to share what he had and even rejecting pleasures for himself. The apparently bad was pursuing control. She wanted to be in charge of the situation, controlling how things were done and how they evolve. 

We had to go down several floors in the dreams. Travel to the underground. There, they good and evil characters were left before we return home. They were sort of dead or sleep. Each of them had different elements. And reading some scriptures, we could see that the apparently good had a last wish of not having all the resources once dead. Thus, someone, maybe me, took one of his resources (I think it was 6 dices, one located with a different number). Thus, the number one was given to the other character (the apparently evil). But the moment one of the dices was withrown from the self-sacrifice man, and given to the other, so she could rule on that kind of world, the man became a sort of angel of fire, like a dragon, and starts spitting flames of fire all around the underground. 

We escape, and go up. There, the presence of that angel of fire is still sensed. He is coming, so we need to rush. We collect all the fruit possible as soon as we can and we leave with the presence of the fire and destruction coming closer and closer. 

The people that are with me are *Rufino*, an old classmate and scout mate, and *Juan*, a friend from the Scouts. We arrive to the car, then we leave with the huge bags of fruits which are for sharing and giving to everyone. However, there are too many fruits for so little people. Bus somehow, it was the right things to do, since otherwise, the fruits would have been destroyed by the fire of the angel.

Sincerely, I don’t know. I hope it gets some meaning in the future. 
